[Docs]Using OAuth2 as REST API authentication (#1647)
ToolJet/ToolJet: docs/docs/how-to/oauth2-authorization.md

3. Enter the Application details and select the appropriate scopes for your application. We will select the profile and the email scopes. 
4. Once you have created the OAuth consent screen, Create new credentials for the **OAuth client ID** from the **Credentials** section in the left sidebar.
5. Select the application type, enter the application name, and then add the following URIs under Authorised Redirect URIs:
    1. `https://app.tooljet.io/oauth2/authorize` (if you’re using ToolJet cloud)
    2. `http://localhost:8082/oauth2/authorize` (if you’re using ToolJet locally)
6. Now save and then you’ll get the **Client ID and Client secret** for your application.

<img class="screenshot-full" src="/img/how-to/oauth2-authorization/gcp.png" alt="ToolJet - How To - REST API authentication using OAuth 2.0" height="420"/>

## Configuring ToolJet Application with Google's OAuth 2.0 API

Let's follow the steps to authorize ToolJet to access your Google profile data:

- Select **add datasource** from the left sidebar, and choose **REST API** from the dialog window.

:::info
You can rename the datasource by clicking on its default name `REST API`
:::

> - In the **URL** field, enter the base URL `[https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/userinfo](https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/userinfo)`; the base URL specifies the network address of the API service.

Reviewer: we can just mention the URL right?
f.e.
`https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/userinfo`

Author: ```suggestion
- In the **URL** field, enter the base URL `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/userinfo`; the base URL specifies the network address of the API service.
```

- Select authentication type as `OAuth 2.0`
- Keep the default values for **Grant Type**, **Add Access Token To**, and **Header Prefix** i.e. `Authorization Code`, `Request Header`, and `Bearer` respectively.
- Enter **Access Token URL**: `https://oauth2.googleapis.com/token`; this token allows users to verify their identity, and in return, receive a unique access token.
- Enter the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** that we generated from the [Google Console](http://console.developers.google.com/).

> - In the **Scope** field, enter `[https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.profile](https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.profile)`; Scope is a mechanism in OAuth 2.0 to limit an application's access to a user's account. Check the scopes available for [Google OAuth2 API here](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2/scopes#oauth2).

Reviewer: same here, `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.profile`

Author: ```suggestion
- In the **Scope** field, enter `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.profile`; Scope is a mechanism in OAuth 2.0 to limit an application's access to a user's account. Check the scopes available for [Google OAuth2 API here](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2/scopes#oauth2).
```

> - Enter **Authorization URL:** `[https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth](https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth)` ; the Authorization URL requests authorization from the user.

Reviewer: also here, `https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth`

and can add "redirects to retrieve an authorization code."

Author: ```suggestion
- Enter **Authorization URL:** `https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth`; the Authorization URL requests authorization from the user and redirects to retrieve an authorization code from identity server.
```

> - Enter **Authorization URL:** `https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth`; the Authorization URL requests authorization from the user and redirects to retrieve an authorization code from identity server.
> - Create three **Custom Authentication Parameters:**
>     - response_type: code (`code` refers to the Authorization Code)
>     - client_id: (Enter the Client ID generated in Google Console)
>     - redirect_uri: `[http://localhost:8082/oauth2/authorize](http://localhost:8082/oauth2/authorize)` if using ToolJet locally or enter this `https://app.tooljet.io/oauth2/authorize` if using ToolJet Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
- Enter **Authorization URL:** `https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth`; the Authorization URL requests authorization from the user and redirects to retrieve an authorization code from identity server.
- Create three **Custom Authentication Parameters:**
    | params      | description |
    | ----------- | ----------- |
    | response_type | code ( `code` refers to the Authorization Code) |
    | client_id | **Client ID**  |
    | redirect_uri | `http://localhost:8082/oauth2/authorize` if using ToolJet locally or enter this `https://app.tooljet.io/oauth2/authorize` if using ToolJet Cloud.  |
```

>     - redirect_uri: `[http://localhost:8082/oauth2/authorize](http://localhost:8082/oauth2/authorize)` if using ToolJet locally or enter this `https://app.tooljet.io/oauth2/authorize` if using ToolJet Cloud.

Reviewer: `http://localhost:8082/oauth2/authorize`

Reviewer: also for the `redirect_uri`

Reviewer: using a table for custom params will be better.
```md
    | params      | description |
    | ----------- | ----------- |
    | response_type | code ( `code` refers to the Authorization Code) |
    | client_id | **Client ID**  |
    | redirect_uri | `http://localhost:8082/oauth2/authorize` if using ToolJet locally or enter this `https://app.tooljet.io/oauth2/authorize` if using ToolJet Cloud.  |
```

- Select authentication type as `OAuth 2.0`
- Keep the default values for **Grant Type**, **Add Access Token To**, and **Header Prefix** i.e. `Authorization Code`, `Request Header`, and `Bearer` respectively.
- Enter **Access Token URL**: `https://oauth2.googleapis.com/token`; this token allows users to verify their identity, and in return, receive a unique access token.
- Enter the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** that we generated from the [Google Console](http://console.developers.google.com/).
- In the **Scope** field, enter `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.profile`; Scope is a mechanism in OAuth 2.0 to limit an application's access to a user's account. Check the scopes available for [Google OAuth2 API here](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2/scopes#oauth2).
- Enter **Authorization URL:** `https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth`; the Authorization URL requests authorization from the user and redirects to retrieve an authorization code from identity server.
- Create three **Custom Authentication Parameters:**

>     | params      | description |

Reviewer: a space is required here

> - Enter **Authorization URL:** `https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth`; the Authorization URL requests authorization from the user and redirects to retrieve an authorization code from identity server.
> - Create three **Custom Authentication Parameters:**
>     | params      | description |
>     | ----------- | ----------- |
>     | response_type | code ( `code` refers to the Authorization Code) |
>     | client_id | **Client ID**  |
>     | redirect_uri | `http://localhost:8082/oauth2/authorize` if using ToolJet locally or enter this `https://app.tooljet.io/oauth2/authorize` if using ToolJet Cloud.  |
> - Keep the default selection for **Client Authentication** and **Save** the datasource.
> 
> <img class="screenshot-full" src="/img/how-to/oauth2-authorization/restapi.png" alt="ToolJet - How To - REST API authentication using OAuth 2.0"/>

Author: ```suggestion
- Enter **Authorization URL:** `https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth`; the Authorization URL requests authorization from the user and redirects to retrieve an authorization code from identity server.
- Create three **Custom Authentication Parameters:**

    | params      | description |
    | ----------- | ----------- |
    | response_type | code ( `code` refers to the Authorization Code) |
    | client_id | **Client ID**  |
    | redirect_uri | `http://localhost:8082/oauth2/authorize` if using ToolJet locally or enter this `https://app.tooljet.io/oauth2/authorize` if using ToolJet Cloud.  |
    
- Keep the default selection for **Client Authentication** and **Save** the datasource.

<img class="screenshot-full" src="/img/how-to/oauth2-authorization/restapi.png" alt="ToolJet - How To - REST API authentication using OAuth 2.0"/>
```
